
GatorC scripts have been written using awk. The test program is written in C++ using Asncc_v2 libraries and Oss libraries. A project should be built for each different specification. This first version of the test is aimed to test GSMMAP.

The following requirements should be met before testing:

    a.   Microsoft Visual C++ version 5 installed.

    b.   Oss and intelliss7 installed (more details in build_msdev doc).

    c.   Install Microsoft Visual Studio Service Pack 3 or greater. 

    d.   Your NT machine should be connected to IntelliNet Network.

    e.   .You have the hardware key for Oss on your machine.

    f.	You have Perl 5 or greater version installed (located under archie, gen downloads)

How to start?

In the command prompt just type “GatorC”. To exit GatorC just type exit it will bring you back to the prompt. GatorC is a batch file that will execute the awk code for you.
In case you are running under Unix :  #! /dev/bin/awk –f in the GatorC file, and you will have to use the “chmod” command to change it to an executable.


 



GatorC  commands:

Concatenation:

Before starting the test you must first concatenate the value notation file with the .vn extension, with the ASN file. The keyword recognized by GatorC is “concat”. 
For example: “Please concatenate the two files together”.
Or just : “concat”.

Compile:

This command will compile the ASN file containing the value notations with OSS to produce the .c and .h file that OSS will need for the testing. Each time you modify the ASN file you need to run the “compile” command.
   
Asncc ber and OSS ber:

If you want to have a look at the ber code produced by the Asncc compiler, after being coded by OSS and decoded by asncc. You can ask GatorC to show you the code. The two keywords he will recognize are Asncc and ber in any format. 
For example: “Please show me the ber code generated by asncc”.
Or just : “asncc ber”.
    It works exactly the same way for OSS.

For example: “Please show me the ber code generated by oss”.
    Or just : “oss ber”.

Asncc asn and OSS asn:

If you want to have a look at the ASN code produced by the Asncc compiler, after being coded by OSS. You can ask GatorC to show you the code. The two keywords he will recognize are Asncc and asn in any format. 
For example: “Please show me the asn code generated by asncc”.
Or just : “asncc asn”.
    It works exactly the same way for OSS.

For example: “Please show me the asn code generated by oss”.
    Or just : “oss asn”.

Diffing the two ber codes:

For testing purposes you may want to verify that there is no difference between OSS ber code and Asncc ber code. The keyword for GatorC is now: “diff”
For example you can type:	“please show me the difference between the codes”
Or just: “diff”
If there is no output, it means that no difference was found. Else it will output all the differences between the two codes.

Errors during test:

If for any reason some error occurred during testing, you can ask GatorC to have a look at them using the “error” keyword.
For example you can type: “please show me errors”
Or just: “errors”

			





